0	It's kind of embarrassing to admit this, but I feel as if I've known you forever, even though we've only just met. I don't have many memories, but I'm grateful I was able to make new ones with you. I know these memories will stay with me! Thank you for not casting me aside. Meeting you was truly a blessing.\n\n- Blaanid
1	They say that every little bit helps, and it's true! Pick up every piece of Gold you can, and it'll add up fast. If you have trouble collecting Gold in battle, why not get a Doll Bag? Some even pick up other things besides just Gold! Work hard to get the Gold to buy yourself some amazing gear. Good luck, my friend!\n\n- Blaanid
2	I heard there's a great blacksmith in Tir Chonaill named Ferghus. He has an interesting nickname... the "Weapon Breaker." But his repair costs are cheap, so try letting him repair the weapons you don't care that much about.\n\n- Blaanid  
3	Long, long ago, the "the Reborn" title was so hard to get that everyone equipped it as soon as they obtained it. But I don't see it so often these days. I think you should wear it all the time, though! Sure, you'll get better titles... stronger titles... but this is the one you got with me, so it's the best!\n\n- Blaanid    
4	I can't remember whose farm it was, but I recall resting in a Homestead and watching the distant horizon. It was so beautiful and relaxing! I don't think I'll ever get to return, but YOUR Homestead would be every bit as good. It doesn't need to be fancy or anything. I just think it'd be so fun! Once I've recovered my memories, you have to let me visit or else!\n\n- Blaanid
5	Notes on What To Do in an Emergency\n\n1. Identify how bad the injury is.\n2. Use a Phoenix Feather if the person in knocked out.\n3. Use a First Aid kit if the injury is severe.\n4. Use Healing to restore the person's health.
6	Music Diary - Day 12\n\nThe song flitted through my head, non-stop, a light melody... La la la... dum de do dum... But why did it make me feel so... uncomfortable? And that's when it hit me. Those memorable words. "Oops, my hand slipped." And I suddenly knew whose song I had been humming to myself all this time...
7	Note to self: There are so many different dye colors! Dark magenta, fiery brick, light blue, vanilla white, lime green... I feel like my eyes are either going to bleed or become so sharp I can identify the colors on a flower from 300 yards away. I bet even Simon can't do that.
8	Commerce Diary - A Typical Day\n\nWhen I arrived at the trading post to start my work this morning, I did a double-take when I saw the amazing selling price of a certain trade good. I was gonna be rich! I purchased as many as I could, stuffed my backpack to the brim, and hummed as I jogged toward my destination. I didn't even encounter any bandits! But when I got to the town that had the amazing selling price... I could have cried. The price had totally plummeted! I wasn't going to make any profit at all! All that work down the drain...
9	Notes on the Item Upgrade Process\n\n1. Earn Proficiency on target item.\n2. Upgrade the item to stage 4.\n3. Use a Normal Upgrade, Artisan Upgrade, or Special Upgrade to get it to stage 5.\n4. Use a Gem Repair or Gem Upgrade.\n5. Use either a Blue or a Red Upgrade Stone to perform a Special Upgrade.
10	Notes on Enchanting\n\n1. It's better for a person with a high Enchant rank to do the enchant.\n2. A piece of equipment's max durability can go down if an enchant fails.\n3. If an enchant fails at rank 6 or above, there's a chance the item itself will be destroyed.\n4. Enchants must be performed in order: an item must have a rank 5 enchant before a rank 4 enchant can be used on it. The previous enchant effect will disappear forever.\n5. Some Enchant Scrolls allow you to skip the order. They have "Enchant without rank" written on them.\n6. There may be a way to protect against enchant failure. Need to look into this more.
11	Notes on Reforging\n\n1. Weapons must use a Reforging Tool from the General Shop when they're being reforged for the first time.\n2. To change the results of a reforging, use Credne's Reforging Tool or a Fine Reforging Tool to reforge the item again.\n3. If I get good results, other Milletians might want the weapon, so I can consider trading it with them.\n\n*I need to reforge something soon, so I can get stronger!
