1	Ranald: One! Two! That's it!
2	Ranald: An expensive weapon does not equal great power!
3	Ranald: The moment your opponent rises\nyou are at a disadvantage!
4	Ranald: Each skill has its own counter skill.
5	Ranald: In a real battle, press 'A' for automatic attacks!"
6	Ranald: Reviving on the spot comes with a giant EXP loss!
7	Ranald: The best weapon of all is having a companion!
8	Ranald: When an enemy is knocked down,\nit is best to prepare a skill for attack!
9	Ranald: You must combine various skills.
10	Ranald: While your buddy attacks,\nsneak in a powerful attack of your own!
11	Ranald: If you master a skill,\nyou shall receive bonus EXP.
12	Ranald: Dungeons are the best places for training.
13	Ranald: It might be more convenient to use\nthe [Ctrl] key to auto-target during real battles!
14	Developer: It's no fun if it's too easy.
15	Ranald: Who... Who said that?
16	Ranald: Deep wounds are very difficult to recover from!
17	Ranald: Use the Alt key to see how strong your enemies are!
18	Administrator: Too much game-playing is unhealthy for you!
19	Ranald: Who said that?! Show yourself!
20	Developer: Greed only yields more grinding!
21	Ranald: That is true.
22	Ranald: Attacking a stunned opponent gives you less points!?
23	Ranald: There are penalties for camping.
24	Aranwen: Yes! Training time!
25	Aranwen: Use Smash to break their defense!
26	Aranwen: If the enemy tries to counterattack, use long range attacks!
27	Aranwen: Defend yourself against long range attacks with your shield.
28	Aranwen: You cannot accumulate EXP by always fighting in one spot!
29	Aranwen: The farther you are from town, the more EXP you will gain!
30	Aranwen: Use Smash to break their Defense!
31	Aranwen: Charge before the enemy prepares to shoot with its bow!
32	Aranwen: Dungeons are the best place to train!
33	Aranwen: Use your skills while you are being knocked down!
34	Aranwen: When a skill comes to your mind, use it immediately!
35	Aranwen: Use the Windmill skill against enemies\nwho try to attack while you are getting up!
36	Aranwen: Potions are addictive!
37	Aranwen: Treating your wounds is the most important thing of all!
38	Aranwen: Prepare campfire materials when you go to the dungeon!
39	Aranwen: Fight effectively by controlling your attack timing!
40	Aranwen: Do not spend too much time on one skill only!
41	Aranwen: Understand the enemy's pattern, and find its weakness!
42	Developer: I wish to spend the weekend with my family!
43	Aranwen: ??!?!
44	Parrot: I'm having an epiphany!  I'm having an epiphany! *squawk*
45	Parrot: But soft, what light through yonder window breaks? Through yonder window breaks?
46	Parrot: The pain of creation! The pain! The pain! *squawk*
47	Parrot: Have more than thou showest! Than thou showest!
48	Parrot: Reputation is an idle and most false imposition. Idle and false. Idle and false.
49	Parrot: T'is all for today! *squawk*
50	Parrot: To not to be or to be? To not to be or to be?
51	Parrot: The worst is not so long as we can say, 'This is the worst.' The worst!
52	Parrot: What a fool. A fool. A fool!
53	Parrot: Who taught a parrot how to say such things?!
54	Parrot: Blood will have blood. Have blood. *squawk*
55	Parrot: Do not come! Do not come!
56	Parrot: All the world's a stage. *squawk*
57	Parrot: The sun has risen again. Has risen again!
58	Parrot: Marlowe! Marlowe! *squawk*
59	Parrot: I'm having an epiphany!  I'm having an epiphany! *squawk*
60	Parrot: But soft, what light through yonder window breaks? Through yonder window breaks?
61	Parrot: The pain of creation! The pain! The pain! *squawk*
62	Parrot: Have more than thou showest! Than thou showest!
63	Parrot: Reputation is an idle and most false imposition. Idle and false. Idle and false.
64	Parrot: T'is all for today! *squawk*
65	Parrot: To not to be or to be? To not to be or to be?
66	Parrot: The worst is not so long as we can say, 'This is the worst.' The worst!
67	Parrot: What a fool. A fool. A fool!
68	Parrot: Who taught a parrot how to say such things?!
69	Parrot: Blood will have blood. Have blood. *squawk*
70	Parrot: Do not come! Do not come!
71	Parrot: All the world's a stage. *squawk*
72	Parrot: The sun has risen again. Has risen again!
73	Parrot: Shakespeare... You have nowhere to run...
74	Parrot: I'm having an epiphany!  I'm having an epiphany! *squawk*
75	Parrot: But soft, what light through yonder window breaks? Through yonder window breaks?
76	Parrot: The pain of creation! The pain! The pain! *squawk*
77	Parrot: Have more than thou showest! Than thou showest!
78	Parrot: Reputation is an idle and most false imposition. Idle and false. Idle and false.
79	Parrot: T'is all for today! *squawk*
80	Parrot: To not to be or to be? To not to be or to be?
81	Parrot: The worst is not so long as we can say, 'This is the worst.' The worst!
82	Parrot: What a fool. A fool. A fool!
83	Parrot: Who taught a parrot how to say such things?!
84	Parrot: Blood will have blood. Have blood. *squawk*
85	Parrot: Do not come! Do not come!
86	Parrot: All the world's a stage. *squawk*
87	Parrot: The sun has risen again. Has risen again!
88	Parrot: Which life was it...?
